Thank you. You imagine there is no heaven.
She's there if you can try. She said, you'd have tried
No hell with those
Above us on the sky But above us only sky Imagine all the people living for today For today
And my dinner is no country You might as well come on tree
It isn't hard to do I'm not gonna do nothing to kill all that fall I know religion too And imagine all the people People
Living life and me You may say I'm not the only one. I hope someday you join us And the world will be a one. Imagine though, those sessions, I wonder if you can I'll be right back. Imagine all the people
Jerry in the world you know
You may say I'm a dreamer
But I'm not feeling my war
I hope someday you join us
And the world will live as one. Thank you.